Blog Make a song Privacy Notice Last Modified: June 30, 2024 This Privacy Notice explains how information about you is collected, used, shared, stored and secured by Suno, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Suno," "we," "our" and "us") when you use our websites, mobile applications, products, services and/or datasets (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.
This Privacy Notice also explains your choices regarding your information. Overview Suno is committed to protecting your privacy and complying with all applicable laws in collecting and processing personal information. This Privacy Notice provides information regarding the following: What information we collect How we use your information How we use cookies and similar technologies How we share your information How we store and secure your information How long we retain your information How you can opt out from receiving communications, or change or request deletion of your information Payment processing Rights of California residents Rights of EEA residents Other important privacy information Our Services may contain links to other websites operated by third parties.
Information collected by such third parties is governed by their privacy policies which we encourage you to review to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties. What Information We Collect We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use the Services, and/or when other sources provide it to us.
We collect Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content, as such terms are defined below. The specific types of information included in each of these categories are described in more detail below. 1. Information You Provide to Us, including through the Services. We collect information about you when you input it into the Services (such as completing a web form, creating or accessing your account, or using our chat function) or otherwise provide it directly to us.
For example, we collect information when you submit a request for a demonstration or customer support or otherwise communicate with us, or when we establish an account for you. The types of information we may collect include your contact information or your billing contact information (such as your name, physical addresses or geographic location, email addresses and phone numbers), your employer or other company affiliation, your business title, and any other information you choose to provide (collectively, "Contact Information").
If we establish an account for you for use of paid and/or secured access portions of the Services, such as an account established in connection with a license to use software platforms and applications (collectively, the "Platform"), we also collect your username and password for said account, and information about your subscription tier and transactions (collectively, "User Account Information").
Our payment processors also collect payment information to provide paid access to the Services, as described further under the heading "Payment Processing" below. Finally, if you use our Services to record or upload data, music, sound, photographs or other Submissions, including to generate and return Output (as such terms are defined in our Terms of Service, and collectively, "Content"), we collect the data contained and associated with such Content.
Content may constitute or contain personal information, depending on the substance and how it is associated with you and your account. 2. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services. We collect information about you when you use our Services, including visiting and browsing our websites, using our mobile applications, and taking certain actions within the Services.
For example, we collect and log information about the features you use, your access times, pages viewed, browser type, IP address, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, URLs of referring/exit pages, and information about the computer, phone, tablet or other devices you use to access the Services, including hardware model and operating system and version.
In connection with your use of the Services, we log information related to your upload, download, processing, access and playback of media and the associated results generated by the Platform, frequently used search terms, creation of Collections and Watchlists, social interactions such as your “likes” and comments, and other actions taken.
We collect the information about you when you use the Services as described in this section above (collectively, "User Activity Information") using various technologies, including cookies, as described under the heading "How We Use Cookies" below. 3. Information We Collect From Other Sources. If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other organization (such as your employer), we may collect information about you from such company or organization in order to establish an account for you and/or provide support or other Services to you.
We may obtain information about you from third-party partners that market and promote our Services, generate leads for us, resell our Services, or provide other services to us. We also receive information about you from login integration partners when you access the Services through a third party account such as Discord or Google.
We may also obtain information about you from other sources, including information from publicly and commercially available sources and other third parties, as permitted by law. The information we may collect from any of these other sources is generally Contact Information. How We Use Your Information We use information about you to provide the Services to you, to communicate with you in connection with your use of the Services and/or requests for information, to market and promote products, services and other offerings, to maintain, monitor and secure the Services, for legal and compliance purposes, and to develop and improve our products and services, as follows: 1.
To Provide Services to You. We use your information, including Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content, to provide Services to you, including to authenticate you when you log in to the Platform (or other Services with secured access), to configure features of the Services for you, and to operate the Services.
2. To Communicate with You. We use your Contact Information and User Account Information to communicate with you, including in providing support through our telephone, email and chat support channels, and in responding to your requests for information, questions and comments related to Suno’s business, products and/or services.
We may also send you technical notices, updates, service notifications, security alerts, support, billing and administrative messages in connection with your use of the Services. 3. To Inform You of Offerings. We use your Contact Information and User Activity Information to communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Suno and to provide news and information that we think will be of interest to you, and to understand how you interact with or respond to such communications and advertisements.
You may opt out from receiving these types of communications at any time, as discussed under the heading “Opt Out From Receiving Communications” below, and you may restrict some of the User Activity Information we may collect by changing the settings on your browser, as discussed under the heading "Disabling Cookies and Similar Technologies" below.
4. To Maintain, Monitor and Secure the Services. We may use certain User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; to monitor, detect, investigate and/or prevent suspicious, fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and to secure the Services and communicate with you regarding any security incidents.
5. For Legal and Compliance Purposes. We may use Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content as reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable legal obligation, including any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, and (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, to exercise or defend any legal claims, protect us against legal liability, or otherwise protect or defend our rights or property.
6. To Develop and Improve our Products and Services. We may use certain User Activity Information, Submissions and other Content to improve our Services, product offerings and business, including to train and enhance the models that power our Services. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies We use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons, and software development kits to collect User Activity Information, including your browsing activities and preferences, to improve and customize your user experience and interactions with us.
We or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies on the Services for the following purposes: 1. Necessary purposes. These are cookies and similar technologies that are required for the operation of certain Services, including, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Services.
2. Functionality. These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make and are used to recognize you when you log in to the Services. This enables us to personalize the Services for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
3. Analytics. These cookies and similar technologies collect information about how you use the Services. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around within the Services.
4. Targeting or Advertising. These cookies and similar technologies collect information about your browsing activities in order to understand your interests for marketing purposes. We or third parties may place or recognize these on your browser when you visit certain websites for the purpose of serving you with advertisements regarding our products and services that may be of interest to you.
These may also be used for frequency capping purposes (e.g., to ensure we do not display the same advertisement to you repeatedly) and to help us regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness. We also use these technologies in our advertisements, email newsletters and/or other communications to collect information such as whether you clicked on an advertisement, opened our communication or clicked on any of the content contained therein.
Analytical, targeting and advertising cookies, and the User Activity Information generated from these cookies, are created, stored and/or managed by third-party service providers that provide us with web traffic analytics, sales engagement and marketing automation services, such as Google Analytics. Disabling Cookies and Similar Technologies By using the Services and allowing cookies and similar technologies to be placed by us, you consent to our use of these technologies and the User Activity Information generated from them.
You can withdraw or modify your consent by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience using the Services may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. The policy should clearly state whether the website responds to Do Not Track signals and how users can exercise their right to object to the processing of their data for direct marketing purposes.
How We Share Your Information We may share information about you as discussed below. We do not sell your information to third parties. 1. With Other Users. In connection with your use of certain features of the Services, such as certain sharing and/or collaboration features, we may share information about you (such as your name and email address) and your Content with such other persons, as part of your use of the Services or as otherwise directed by you through your use of relevant features.
2. With Service Providers. We work with third parties that provide to us engine or application development and/or processing services; information systems hosting, infrastructure, maintenance, backup, storage, security, support and other information technology-related services; advertising, marketing and related analytics services; promotion, distribution, resale and support services related to our products and services; consulting and other technical and/or business services, which may require access to information about you to perform such services on our behalf.
The policy should explicitly state that the data processor agreement with service providers complies with the requirements of Article 28, including the specific obligations of the processor regarding data security, confidentiality, and data subject rights.
We share your information with these service providers only for our business purposes pursuant to written contracts. Our contracts with these third-party service providers require protection of your information consistent with this Privacy Notice, and require that they retain, use and disclose your information only as necessary to provide the services in accordance with such contracts.
3. With Your Consent. We share information about you with third parties when you give us consent or direct us to do so – for example, if you have agreed to be a reference for Suno or have provided a testimonial regarding our Services, or use login integrations provided by third parties such as Discord and Google.
4. For Legal and Compliance Purposes. We may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing such information is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable legal obligation, including applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, or to exercise or defend any legal claims, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, and (d) protect Suno, our customers, employees or other persons from harm, legal liability or illegal activities.
We may also share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of all or a portion of our business or assets, bankruptcy, or similar business transaction. How We Store and Secure Your Information Suno has implemented and maintains technical and organizational security measures and other safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the security, confidentiality and integrity of your information, including measures to protect against unauthorized access to, destruction, modification, disclosure or use of your information, as appropriate based on the nature of the information.
We permit persons working for us to access and use your information only to serve our legitimate business purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Suno is based in the United States, and we generally store your information on servers located in the United States. We also conduct business in other countries, directly or through one of our subsidiaries or partners, and may transfer your information to and/or store it in such other locations as reasonably necessary to provide the Services or for other legitimate business purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
While we follow generally accepted standards to protect your information, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. How Long We Retain Your Information We retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice.
When determining the length of time to retain information, we consider various criteria, including whether we need the information to continue to administer your account, provide the Services, resolve a dispute, enforce our contractual agreements, prevent harm, promote safety, security and integrity, or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products.
How You Can Opt Out From Receiving Communications, Change Or Request Deletion Of Your Information You may choose the types of communications you wish to receive from us, change your information or request that we delete certain information at any time, as follows: 1.
Opt Out From Receiving Communications. If you do not wish to receive communications from Suno that do not relate directly to your use of the Services (such as newsletters, event notifications or other marketing communications), you may opt out from receiving such communications at any time. We provide a link in all of our electronic marketing communications to allow you to easily "unsubscribe" to these communications.
The policy should explicitly state the legal basis for processing personal data for marketing purposes, such as consent or legitimate interest. It should also clearly explain how individuals can withdraw their consent to receive marketing communications.
You may also notify us that you do not wish to receive further communications by contacting us at privacy@suno.com. Please note that, in connection with your use of certain Services, including the Platform, we will still need to send you certain notifications that relate directly to your use of the Services, such as technical notices, updates, service notifications, security alerts, billing and administrative messages, and will need to communicate with you to provide you with support.
2. Change Your Information. You may change or update your information with us at any time. To change or update your information, please contact us at support@suno.ai, or contact your primary Suno support representative. However, if your information has been provided to us by your employer or other company for which we have provisioned your account, updates to certain information on your account must be requested by such company.
3. Delete Your Information. You may request that we delete your information at any time, subject to certain exceptions as discussed below. You may request to have your information deleted by contacting us by email at privacy@suno.com. We will comply with your request within a reasonable period of time; however, in certain circumstances, we may not be able or required to delete all of your information.
The policy should provide a clear and accessible method for individuals to request the deletion of their personal data. It should also specify the timeframe within which the request will be fulfilled. The policy should also clearly explain the exceptions to the right to erasure, such as when data is necessary for legal obligations or public interest.
For example, if we have provisioned a user account for you and you intend to continue to use portions of the Services requiring access through said account, we must retain certain information in order to maintain your account and your access to the Services. We may also retain certain information if required in connection with our performance of a contract (such as a license agreement between us and your employer), if required by law or relevant to a legal proceeding, or for other compliance or auditing purposes, as permitted by law.
Please note that we may obtain information about you in the future, as discussed under the heading "Information We Collect From Other Sources," and we may not be able to recognize it as your information due to complying with a previous deletion request from you. In this case, you will need to submit a new request if you wish to have your re-added information deleted.
In addition, if we have deidentified, anonymized or aggregated data such that it no longer identifies or relates to you, we may retain and use that information for any lawful purpose. Payment Processing We utilize third-party service providers that act as resellers of, and/or payment processors for the fees payable for, licenses to certain of our Services and/or content that may be purchased through our Services (each, a "Payment Processor").
In order to purchase such Services through our Services, you will be required to provide credit/debit card and/or financial institution account information directly to the Payment Processor. Such information is not collected or stored by us. The policy should clearly state that the user has the right to access the information provided to the Payment Processor, even though it is not stored by the company. The policy should also explain how the user can exercise this right.
Rights of U.S. Residents This section applies if you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado or another U.S. state that has passed a privacy law similar to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and requires specific privacy notice disclosures. For purposes of this section, references to “personal information” shall also include “sensitive personal information” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. Depending on where you live, you may have certain other rights regarding your personal information (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Notice), including: 1.
Notice of Information Collected and Used. We collect, use and disclose, and over the past 12 months have collected, used and disclosed the following categories of personal information as described further in this Privacy Notice under the headings "What Information We Collect", "How We Use Your Information" and "How we Share Your Information:" identifiers, personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute, commercial information, Internet and similar network activity information, geolocation information, visual and audio information that you upload to the Services, professional or employment-related information, and account access credentials.
* We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in the CCPA or otherwise in line with your consent. We may disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice under the heading "How We Share Your Information," but we do not "sell" or "share" your personal information, as those terms are defined in the CCPA and similar U.S. state privacy laws, nor have we done so in the preceding 12 months. Further, we do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share personal information of California residents under 16 years of age. 2. Right to Know Requests. You may have a right to request (i) the categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we have collected, (ii) the categories of sources from which such information was collected, (iii) the business or commercial purposes for which such information was collected and (iv) the categories of third parties with which such information is disclosed and the business purposes for such disclosure.
3. Right to Delete Requests. You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you. 4. Right to Correct Requests. You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you. 5.
Right to Request Deletion of Visible Content. California residents under the age of 18 who have registered to use the Services and who posted Content that is visible to other users can request that such Content be removed from the Services.
Such request must state that they personally made such Content available to other users and detail where such Content is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the Content from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified in relation to such Content.
This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third parties may have republished the Content and archived copies of it may be stored by search engines and others that we do not control. You may submit a request to exercise any of these rights by contacting us by email at privacy@suno.com. We will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights. However, we will need to verify your request by asking you to provide at least two pieces of personal information (e.g., full name and email address) as reasonably necessary to properly identify you.
You may also designate, in writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Upon receipt of a verifiable request, we will respond to such request as required by, and subject to certain restrictions and exemptions under, applicable laws. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us by email at privacy@suno.com. Rights of EEA Residents If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain other rights regarding our processing of your personal data (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Notice), in accordance with European data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation, and subject to certain restrictions and exemptions under such laws.
The policy should clearly state that it applies to all users, regardless of their location, and that it complies with the GDPR. The policy should also provide a clear and concise explanation of the user's rights under the GDPR, including the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and objection.
These rights include, among others: (1) the right to be informed of the specifics regarding your personal data, including what data is being processed, the purposes for such processing, the third parties with which we share your data, the sources from which we obtain your data, and the period of time for which your personal data will be stored; (2) the right to receive a copy of your information that we process; and (3) the right to ask that we provide your data in an easily readable format to another company.
EEA residents may contact us online by email at privacy@suno.com to request such information or data. Other Important Privacy Information Suno Acting as a Data Processor In connection with the use of certain Services by our customers or other parties, such as under license agreements pertaining to use of our Platform and related Services, our customers or other parties and their designated end users may upload, process, store and/or share data through the Services (or may provide data to us through other means for processing), the contents of which are generally not known to us but may contain personal information.
