This website stores cookies on your device . These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you . We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media .
To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy . If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website . Necessary essential cookies will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked . Accept Decline Contact Us Website privacy and security Last updated: 12th Jan, 2021 You can contact us at [Insert Contact Information] to reach Appier as the data controller. Our Statement of Commitment At Appier, we are committed to protecting data privacy and prioritizing security . In addition to our commitment, we adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and ISO 27001 for data processing activities. 
In a time when hacks and leaks are commonplace, we understand your concerns and take measures to ensure you can use our solutions with confidence . Appier is doing the utmost to maintain compliance with personal data regulations and data privacy guidelines, including GDPR and ISO 27001, two of the most comprehensive data protection and information security standards in the world .
We employ a number of product and data security features that provide layers of protection for you and your business from threats and risks . Appier takes issues of privacy and security with the utmost seriousness, and we work on maintaining your trust in us everyday . Product Security We are aware of the sorts of backdoors and attacks unauthorized third parties may try to gain access to your sensitive information .
To fend off these unauthorized access, we have equipped our products with a number of security features, including [Insert specific technical and organizational security measures]. Single Sign-On Appier offers users a “Single Sign-On'' (SSO) option to access its platforms . With the one set of credentials, users can securely authenticate and sign into all Appier’s platforms . SSO, along with multi-factor authentication, enhances security by [Explain how SSO and multi-factor authentication specifically address risks to personal data].
The SSO eliminates the complications of having multiple sets of credentials while ensuring that all users are authenticated . Furthermore, we support multi-factor authentication for logins, making the authentication process more stringent and thus more secure . API Security API, short for application programming interface, is the software intermediary that makes it possible for two applications to communicate with each other .
To keep this intermediary safe, Appier adopts a principle of least privilege for its platforms and requires authentication and authorization to access any of them . Our API security measures protect personal data by [Provide specific details about how API security measures protect personal data]. Account Audit Log Appier’s platforms come with an audit log that allows the administrators to see who made what changes to the content on the platforms as well as control who has access to what information . Our audit logs record [Specify what information is logged in the audit log and how it aligns with the requirements of Article 30].
IP Whitelisting Appier gives users the ability to choose which IP addresses users grant access to where the default setting is denying all addresses . This feature enables users to create an IP whitelist of addresses they trust with access . IP whitelisting is part of our broader security strategy and contributes to a level of security appropriate to the risk by [Explain how IP whitelisting, as part of a broader security strategy, contributes to a level of security appropriate to the risk]. Certification To ensure that our customers can rest assured that their data is safe and protected when using our solutions, Appier continues to monitor the latest regulations and policies surrounding privacy and security and strives to comply with them . 
    
